When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    A remote repository is good for when you are collaborating and working on a
    project/code with a team. In collaborating, users can push their changes and
    pull new material that comes in to work on, and thus keeping the changes/
    modifications going.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    You would not want to pull too many commits that are unnecessary for the
    work that you are doing. This allows your workspace to be under your
    control.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork would be used when copying a repository from GitHub (thus you have
    your account attached to it) and being able to push & pull changes to your
    GitHub repo and locally. Cloning takes a local or GitHub and adds it to 
    your local machine which will allow your to make changes locally.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    In the case that you go offline, having a copy of the lastest state will
    give you the liberty of editing your master.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    SVN and Perforce. However, you can use Google Code as well or Dropbox!
    Git and GitHub are better,IMO.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    You would want to make changes in a separate branch when you are not ready
    to commit your changes to the master OR if you have a branch with different
    properties that are not meant to just yet (or at all, in case of a test
    branch) be merged. Working directly in master gives you the comfort of not
    having to go through the complicated process of pushing your branch to master
    when you are ready. On the other hand, the separate branch can be seen as a 
    draft or workspace branch where you can make changes without fear of changing
    the master drastically.
